>> Jen Kramer: I usually find when I learn
new syntax it's helpful to determine what
each little property
is doing on its own so
that you can think about
things more holistically.
[COUGH] All right, so then, number 5.
We're gonna start to think about how
we can put these boxes on the row and
how we,
the term is called justify content.
And as I say here, the justify
content is determining distribution
of the flex items withing the flex
container on the main access.
So the flex items are the little boxes, on
the main access which in our case is row,
so horizontally, how are they distributed?
Because they don't necessarily
take up all of the space,
if I go back to my CSS and
I set my flex flow to row wrap, okay?
And not add anything new, what I have here
of course are a series of boxes, right?
And some of you designers out
there are looking at this and
like, well we've got all
this hanging rag on the end.
I guess we'd call that a rag
if we were looking at this and
it was a paragraph, right?
What if I don't want a rag like this?
What if I wanna distribute the space
in between these boxes differently?
And that's what justify
content is all about.
[COUGH] So what we're gonna do
here is we'll add justify-content,
and there's a bunch of possible values for
justify-content, all right?
So flex-start is the default,
so everything's pushed
to the left side in those boxes
just the way that you just saw.
If we said, flex-end, anyone wanna
guess what happens with our boxes then?
>> Jen Kramer: What do you
think flex-end is going to do?
A flex-start lines
everything up on the left,
what do you think flex-end is gonna do?
>> Speaker 2: Align it to the right.
>> Jen Kramer: Line them up on the right,
okay?
So if we save that,
look at that in the browser,
there they are lined up on the right,
okay?
If we said, center, anyone want
to guess what center is gonna do?
>> Speaker 2: Put them in the center.
>> Jen Kramer: Put them in the center.
So if we refresh our page there's
all of our nice boxes centered.
My gosh, isn't that amazing?
We have boxes that are the width
of the content and
the browser's doing the math for you,
aligning them in the center of the page.
You are not able to do this with
any other technology that you
have at your finger tips.
This is totally awesome and
the code was easy, okay?
So, this is part of what makes
flex-box awesome, all right?
Now, comes the one that I find confusing,
all right?
Because I get confused by the words.
Space between, space around,
and space evenly.
So, let's take a look at
all of those individually.
So space-between
>> Jen Kramer: [COUGH] So
what this is gonna do is
it's gonna take these boxes,
it's gonna shove them all
the way to the ends, okay?
All the way to the left,
all the way to the right.
It's gonna do the math,
how big are the boxes in between?
What are they doing?
And then it takes whatever
space is left over and
evenly assigns it in between
those remaining boxes.
So you see once again,
over here all the way over on the left,
all the way over on the right, we don't
have any margin over there, right?
We're shoved all the way
up against the edge.
But in between these boxes we
have a space that is the same.
And the second row looks like a great
big huge honking space because it is,
that's just the way our boxes happen
to be working in this example.
If we shrink this down a little bit,
we wind up with a slightly
different distribution, okay?
So that's space-between.
>> Jen Kramer: Space-around,
>> Jen Kramer: Space-around does it this
way, okay?
So what just happened here?
If you take a look at this space
here to the left of box 1 and
the space in between box 1 and 2,
and the space to the right of box 4,
that's about half of the space
in between box 3 and 4, okay?
So we're taking a little bit of
the space and placing it on the left and
the right side of the box
where two boxes intersect.
You have the right of one box and the left
of the other, they come together and
form the larger space.
Make sense?
Okay, so
you see how you could easily confuse.
Personally, I think space-between and
space-around but
space-around, space on two sides.
Space-between, potentially
space on one side, all right?
And then the last one is space-evenly.
>> Jen Kramer: And
if we look at space-evenly,
they sort of jerk in
a little bit like that.
Anyone think they know what's
happening here with space-evenly?
>> Speaker 3: They're spaced evenly?
>> Jen Kramer: Spaced evenly meaning what?
>> Speaker 4: The same amount of
space between them and on the sides.
>> Jen Kramer: Same space between,
okay, same between 1 and 2, 2 and 3.
And the same between say 4 in the edge,
1 in the edge, okay?
So the space here between 5 and the edge,
between 5 and 6 and between 6 and
the edge that's all the same space,
all right?
So space-evenly.
This is the newer property, space-evenly.
Space-around and space-between
have been around for a while,
space-evenly is a relatively new one.